it is what it is I don't know I do
n't know that I have mixed feelings
because then I read Twitter and I see so many things
that it makes me want to write but I say
look how lazy for everyone to
squeeze each other Tell me the truth you
would have liked
more of what but it has played with the bread
of many people for not talking about the damage they
do it can be done Yes yes yes because it was
if we are that Totally agree
We agree obviously I don't take away from you
what you were going to ask no that what is it that
you would have that you had preferred
because I as Apart from that it is also that you have to
be realistic also that there are many
people who are not realistic and they start to
be a little cynical let's see as a
content creator a large part of
my content is based on gossip and
many topics are like save me no I
would not have liked save me to
end I would have liked them to
have
solved or punished those
responsible for certain actions not that
you close the program as such
criticizing bad practices and that that was
changed a solution was given
totally or rather totally it is  what you
say we can't be cynical I think that
neither on YouTube nor in the written media, I
mean me for example it's true that
we and everything and the world and all the
media have TV sections or even
for example in the afternoon Belén Esteban
attacks Jesús beautiful points unfortunate and he
gives us the afternoon and he brightens our afternoon in
visits that is that it is like that
the world is not dying on us and we have to reinvent ourselves and there are
more topics there is much more The heart
is very wide but sálvame is 20% of the
content of a website or rather
mediaset universe I mean it's the world
sálvame So obviously it doesn't
benefit us it's like that I mean
here we'll see who knows how to
reinvent themselves and who is worth it And who knows what I'm
telling you obviously who knows how to
deal with other topics and do other things
no Hey, many of those people in
this case I who have access to many
collaborators Hey, I don't know what I know or
some could end up here then gossip
and they can bring something that yes of course yes there is no
doubt I'm telling you
seriously
yes yes of course let's see there are
some who  but I also understand
people who don't I mean
the people I mean who have a
personal problem with them and who are
happy I also understand it because in the
end when you make a
personal problem like in the case of Antonio
David in which they have done a lot of damage
Because look yes it is true that there is
hypocrisy because Antonio David if they hadn't
kicked him out And if Rocío Carrasco doesn't
get anything for money with salvage
right now at the closing of sálvame with
them
but I understand Antonia vi because in the
end her problem is personal and very
direct
man
I understand of course
the case Antonio Yes but the case of
other people maybe like us
or like some of Peter's colleagues and
YouTube and so on it's like look man I'm
neither happy nor not happy if I'm
creating content based on that Why are you
happy that your content is running out and let's
not go that your content is running out no
I understand that there are people maybe on
Twitter who have gotten involved on a
personal level as a result of the documentary
and like they have spent their energy their
time in  tweeting to
publicly denounce certain things and maybe
feel like 1% participating in something I can
understand it but on a professional level or on a
level No, no, it's not
beneficial, why are we going to fool ourselves? That's it,
nothing happens, if it is the
reality,
in other things Marina Well I wanted to discuss
the last topic with you, which is the
next one,
to bring up something different, we've been
so involved with the man, it's the news of
the decade, dear, we had a lot to
talk about because Also, we haven't
seen each other since Wednesday You've cried
my absence, it's true, it's been hard Yes,
apart from that, I hadn't done a live stream
as such talking about the subject, eh Because it's
the little one's birthday, Mother's Day, I
told you to do it on Friday, yes or
no, on Friday you told me but of course I would have
done it but on Friday
when I read your WhatsApp I was
showering to go out, I said to my
wife, we're not going to pick up at 9,
cancel the reservation and I'll
do the live stream with you this
time, 24 hours from the machine, it
's buying,
total. Hey, but listen to me, one day it will
pass, eh, one day it will pass, nothing,
man, what they said at the party that  there's
a new love of Ana María
confirms it, I already told it at the time, I don't
know if she was referring to the same one and I got a
burofax So I don't know, let's go, I
also got
the right to rectification that they didn't
respond to me because to me but I think his
name was not his name was José Miguel
that man no no Well I remember no
Well let's listen to the video we
discuss it but that burofax so that
people understand me don't get scared Let's see
when when you have a media the
part of many people for example the one from
facua that I was commenting on a
video yesterday always uses risto
mejide and some colleagues that they have in the
middle to spread and take as a
headline
Rubén Sánchez wins a complaint he
wins a classic a classic like let's see
that is a lawsuit for rectification
that that is nonsense In other words that is not
a lawsuit for libel what
happens is that the owner does not have
the right to rectification is that if
you have a media in this case we
have telesalseo we have
on the other TV we have when the reason came to me we did
not rectify because I knew I
wanted  in that information and nothing happened Of
course there are requirements there are
requirements for which you have to
rectify or not but normally
Marina you see you don't know if it's something if it's
an opinion article there you don't have to
rectify no Of course of course
most of the YouTube videos are
opinion in our case if it's an
article for example an article you see and that
you have all the bases and such yes it
's true that they
can force you by eye that rectify
is that of course they play with the word but the thing
is that rectify does not mean that you
retract your information
that this one for example uses it like that
not as if you were
regretting it as if you have to
retract the information not publish
the rectification You have the right For
example if they mention me in a
newspaper that I didn't know this if not
three or four years ago I would have made a
mess you have the right to send them the
rectification at the moment that there is missing
information the information is closed
or is not 100% Well let's see if
if you put yourself Yes but come on
No, not me only when I got the
burofa of course what I told  see it
's not a guy who's going to be showing images on
our channels because in the end it wasn't
like he
was a character who knew that
news wasn't going to come out anymore and I understand
that also The kid the man just
had a baby I as a father You know
that topic I empathize a lot the same
person who just had a baby Of course
but if I told him exclusively that
information in the reason that is me for that reason he
wrote to me it would surely be for a I do
n't know
Probably yes Probably yes it would
surely be for you that he wrote to me and I
answered him well And also of course as it was
passed on in writing also to the other TV and
so on anyway whatever but in that
case I said let's see if it was a case in which
I am headed not whatever but
well let's see
that of course I told him what is the
defamation tell me he corrected it and
of course the man's lawyer could not answer me
like Of course if this
information let's see it is the media
us We In the end we are
echoing what is news you
see I think the news that he wanted me to
rectify was sálvame he says I don't know that I do
n't know  how much I how do you know why he
said it yes yes yes yes yes yes yes I remember I remember let's
see